All right contains duplicates.
So our objective here is we are taking an array of values and we want to find out if there are any duplicate
numbers in here.
So in the array 1 2 3 1 there's 2.
So it's true it's true there are there is in fact duplicates in the array 3:01.
It's false because there are no Duplin it's the only method that I used in here for a hand is sort of
the you could solve this in numerous different ways.
All right so the way I solved this was I created I didn't creating.
Susan.
Hi modified our input array and I sorted it to get each values if they're duplicates to be in some certain
order list right there.
So say eight.
And in here we'll just join a and a B.
We want to return a minus B which will return the array sorted and we're going to return false to the
bottom here.
And what we're going to do is read iterate through the array that we just sort in to see if we can find
out any true cases in the cases of which there are duplicates and all we're going to do is iterate through
and check to see if the current item we're iterating on is exactly equal to the next item A-line plus
1.
And if it is going to return TRUE THAT'S IT.
We found our duplicates.
If it's able to get through this whole array without finding duplicates.
Great.
We're good.
We don't have to worry about it right.
This returns true because there are this one returns false.
So that's how I solve it.
Although there's a couple different ways.
Oh I thought this was pretty pretty clean too to go about it.
And you know basically one for loop which is nice.